Picador alright then
no that's my door pick another door
what's wrong with you you know what you
were right this is your job what's the
matter you got a lot of bad guys by not
door
[Music]
[Applause]
access granted access denied access
denied access denied through cobs and
Turkish or we've got unfinished business
sure sister took something from me the
virus that could wipe out half the
population and I want it back
you want to tell me just what we're
dealing with here it's my sister family
when it's the fate of the world it
becomes my business his whole thing
sounds really dodgy look off new system
listen I'll handle it the only way we
survive this working together like a
team let's do this buckle up that way
whoa see the look on his face you have
no idea how long I've been waiting to do
that
the music's already started
I see we can get it sick so you guys are
being hunted by an army of mercenaries
led by a genetically enhanced soldier
look at me Superman crazy
yeah he really is black Superman you
need to get off the grid
oh my babies come home I'm sorry to
bring trouble here mama
but I need my brothers this family is
going to war we're gonna need cars and
guns mama where's all our guns
I gave read up on very noble mrs. Hobbs
no answer is trouble
yes understatement that's good old
school
come on
but it was
we're going for a ride
tell me this is not happening
you